alright we're recording move a little
bit this way because of the bright light
right behind you this is rob your canary
George Pollard and robbed or college
your mother probably want to think the
fact is you did your wife right that's
what the roof is they get the kids if
the eyes yeah we wanted to have a son
get it he won scholarships
Marion Solomon we're just lucky
everybody my family look like me
workflow gonna pray maybe more like a
alignment all right so yeah I did watch
me if I today was great what's making
first when they first came out on the
floor well first they went and talked
about the things that they had to pick
the name went through grills and in a
dick competition throughout the
competition shows a great they were
getting after it running hard playing
fast things I like fruit like describes
into the competition drills three
entries step 101 who his rebounding sub
competitions like can get the most
rebounds or this routine y xq bids do
that great okay and what did you think
of the practice actually taking them
moving the value in
what he needs an excellent Annie
everybody was when I talked to Erin two
weeks ago I mean the first thing i said
was everybody thinks you're going to was
hot though Wisconsin he would have to
have more of your bills because you get
to post up a lot right in this week
motion right now the process is the
process we just let your boat out how
many new operative had just in the last
couple 44 stewardess for Indiana flip
its northwestern salvage
now if northwestern it would be you
assume something like that you got that
the coach Cal says exactly we haven't
seen it small practice there in two
hours and you told me earlier today that
Stanford is just too far not stamped out
for the record stand with on the other
side of the country yes but you know
what I'm doing there's no way women what
you like when you talk with your parents
about school choice you recognize the
one thing they share in Freddie zoom I'd
be recognized a distance but you know
this is not gonna be a time
you were very very cautious good
interview and he said two weeks ago no
favourites not the candy papers now just
learning is that still very much okay
what did you what did you learn about
your potential efficacy major guys yeah
the guide to get a lot with each other
they have a great chemistry they're just
building a cool all right Jordan thank
you very much thank you